gh-120244: Fix `re.sub()` reference leak (#120245)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2024-06-08-09-45-31.gh-issue-120244.8o9Dzr.rst

> Fix memory leak in :meth:`re.sub()` when ``\number`` is specified to refer to a group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix memory leak in :func:`re.sub()` when the replacement string contains backreferences.
```
